Hey, good morning family.
I'm excited to be with you all again today.
Seriously, this is an exciting time.
We are making headway in the spirit realm, praying over the elections and the attacks that I've seen coming—things the Lord is warning me about.
I have to be careful what I say on this platform because YouTube censors things, so I have to flow with what I feel I can say.
Right now, we stopped one.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're doing it; it's working.
Of course it's working—the power and the authority of the believer works—but there's fruit.
There is fruit in what we're doing.
There was a terrorist guy caught who had come across the border, and it was on all the news outlets.
This guy lives two or three miles from my mom and dad's ranch.
I told you they work for a guy raising Longhorn cattle.
It's awesome because this guy had all kinds of plans.
My brother is part of the sheriff's department, on the SWAT team, and works with law enforcement.
His boss told him, "We're on high alert from the FBI," and they're warning people to pray.
My brother was telling me, "You need to be praying; we're on high alert.
" The government's put us on high alert, and they were expecting some other kinds of groups, which I can't get into all that because I don't want to get anybody in trouble, but there is other stuff still set in motion that we need to be praying over.
One of the people that came across the border, who was part of the ISIS group, was stopped.
He had plans to do something during the 7th or 8th, the anniversary of the Israeli attack.
He had all kinds of AK-47s and everything; he was ready to do something.
I don't know if it was a group of guys or whatever, but all I want to tell you all is that prayer changes things.
We have power and authority as believers to pray and bind things up.
We don't have to have that going on in our neighborhoods, in our churches, or our community.
Jesus came and gave us power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
I just want to encourage you all today because we are making a difference.
Our little prayer group here of 50,000 or 60,000 people—we're doing something.
That's a huge coliseum full of people praying, and I just want to encourage you all today about it.
Now, I thought we'd take communion together.
I'll wait a little bit if you want to get your communion and pray with me, but I just want to enter into worship and thank the Lord for all that he's done and all he's going to do.
I know the enemy is not done.
There's more coming; there's more coming in the name of Jesus.
There's more uncovering coming; there's more exposing coming.
And the Lord told me we're going to pray over Coachella again, this Trump rally that's coming on Saturday.
We're going to pray over that.
We're going to pray over the voting—no fraudulent behavior, all kinds of stuff.
We're going to take authority over this hurricane.
Some people say, "Oh, that's the hand of God; that's judgment," but I don't believe God is bringing weather to judge Florida.
If you believe that, that's on you, but the Bible says that the thief comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but God has come that we might have life and life more abundantly.
He's not out there killing, stealing, and destroying—that's the devil's job.
The devil and God are not buddying up.
God is a good God, and he is faithful and able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Let's get on God's side about things.
This is the God of the New Testament.
God is a God of mercy and love.
Yes, there's a shaking to awaken, and yes, we open the doors for the enemy to do things because we open the doors to sin.
Seedtime and harvest are accelerating, and it's not God doing it; it's immoral behavior that opens the door and says, "Come on, Mr.
Devil, come in here and mess with me.
" God wants to show mercy; that's why he's saying pray.
If he didn't want us to stop this, why would he want you to pray and then allow it to happen?
That's boneheaded.
God says, "I want you to stop this stuff.
I'm bringing you on here to change things.
" I just want to encourage you all to get on the right side of things.
We believe that God is a God of restoration and wanting to fix things.
Like I said, whatever the devil means for bad, God is going to turn around for good.
If something bad does happen in the natural, we'll pray good out of it.
Let's pray that God turns it for good.
The devil is an idiot, but I told you things were going to accelerate—the birthing pains, the labor pains.
I told you when we passed Rosh Hashanah—I hope I didn't butcher that—the Lord said it would be a time of great acceleration with the weather, signs in the heavens, earthquakes, and wars and rumors of wars.
The Lord said, "Brandon, it's going to increase by three times now.
" And look at what's happening; it's increasing and increasing.
It's going to keep getting that way all through this next year, but glory to God, the light is going to get lighter and the dark will get darker.
We aren't focused on the dark; we're focused on the light.
We're focused on Jesus.
Father, I'm going to enter into your throne by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of my testimony.
I thank you for your body that was broken for me.
You were wounded for my transgressions and bruised for my iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes, we are healed.
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
He cast the spirits out with his word, healing all of their sicknesses, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet: he himself took our infirmities and bore our sicknesses.
He took it on his body, and this is his body, and he made a covenant.
He was broken for us.
So we take this communion right now in the name of Jesus and we say, "Father, I thank you for your body," and this is the meal that heals.
When this goes in you, I take it by faith that there is no disease, no depression, no anxiety, no fear, no worries—nothing can be on me because I'm covered by his body and his blood.
Now Lord, we take this blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over all our circumstances.
This cup represents his blood, and it washes us from all our sins and all unrighteousness.
We apply the blood over our house and our children.
It makes us white as snow so I can come boldly before your throne.
I take daily communion and I say, "Father, I come before your throne boldly," and he says, "Welcome back, Brandon.
It's good to see you.
" He loves on me.
So Father, we take this blood and we apply it to our lives so that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
Now we just give him praise.
Thank you, Lord, that we enter into your throne by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
Thank you, Jesus, that I'm healed and you set me free.
Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, fully persuaded that what God had promised he was able also to perform.
It's time for overflow, ladies and gentlemen.
We're going to believe God that more terrorists are exposed, that there is a covering, and that there are no mass shootings.
I've told you we're going to pray over Coachella right now.
So Father, in the name of Jesus, we come boldly before you.
You warn me so that we would take our authority and say, "Satan, thus far and no further.
" You will not do anything concerning Coachella or President Trump, or any harm or calamity that would come nigh any of them.
We bind the maneuvering of the devil that is inside of these men or women.
We sitting with you in the heavenlies, far above all principalities.
We take our authority in this earth, and we thank you that these wicked events will not take place.
We call supernatural wisdom over the Secret Service, the FBI, CIA, and Homeland Security.
We pray a supernatural wisdom over the border agencies that there would be an uncovering of darkness.
As for me and my house, we will be protected.
We'll always be in the right place at the right time.
We will not have any kind of demonic casualties, no fires, no tornadoes, no storms.
No plagues or pestilence will come nigh us.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us.
Father, I pray over the Yankees game and over the New York stadium.
I've seen things in the spirit, and we take our authority over terrorist attacks concerning baseball games.
The Lord pointed out to me, "Watch, pay attention to New York City and the Yankees.
" I'm just going to tell you this: pray protection over the people participating in those games, that the audience will be protected from any drone things or any kind of calamity.
Father, I thank you that there is no calamity that comes to these games.
I cover a hedge around them.
Now God, I pray over our elections.
I thank you that all hidden things be revealed and that it will be a fair, free election without corruption.
Send your angelic visitation right now in the natural, like you did with Lot and Abraham when you sent the angels in physical form.
I thank you that you would bring in angels of great protection.
Whatever the devil meant for bad, you're going to expose it.
We pray a hedge around the prayer conference for Billye Brim next week.
We plead the blood of Jesus over the speakers and the attendees.
We will have a glorious outpouring of the spirit of God like we have never seen before.
Father, I thank you that this would be the time when the Shekinah glory cloud shows up and manifests in a way that we've not seen in this generation since Azusa Street.
There will be a great demonstration of your glory, and all will be healed by the presence and power of God.
I thank you for the healing revival happening at Collinsville this week.
Lord, we help you bring in the harvest in these last days.
Use us, Lord; send us.
We'll bring in the lost.
Touch my lips with fire.
We humble ourselves before you.
Whether it is being the janitor or scrubbing those commodes, we do it again and again for the glory of God.
For you are good and your mercy endures forever.
I thank you that we are at the spout where the glory comes out.
Anoint our minds and hearts to think like you.
We serve a God that is still the same today.
We will be anointed with Holy Ghost and fire and speak with boldness.
If you can take this life and use it, I'm here.
We don't give up.
I focus on you, Father.
Mold me and make me today.
We do the best we can, we smile with all our heart, and we seek you daily.
Help me to teach these people how to have a relationship with you.
They're missing out so much.
Breathe upon me, Breath of God.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, who was and is and is to come.
I exalt thee, oh Lord.
Thank you for your mercy and your faithfulness.
Whatever you need right now, hear the spirit of the Lord: be healed in the name of Jesus from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
I call you healed and whole and well from everything that ails you.
I stand in agreement with you that by his stripes you are healed.
We curse cancer, diabetes, and heart disease.
I speak life over digestive issues—things of the colon, the stomach, the pancreas, and the gallbladder.
I speak life over your body right now.
Over the thyroid, we call for healing in Jesus' name.
You are the healer and the deliverer.
We will see the blind eyes open and the deaf ears pop open.
Now Lord, we pray over this hurricane.
We command this hurricane to go.
I saw it coming up toward the Fort Myers area.
Father, we pray over that area and say in the name of Jesus that it will not have a hurricane destroying anything.
We poke its eye out and call you to dissipate.
We call that eye to fall apart.
You collapse and lose strength in the name of Jesus.
We call you to shrink.
Now Lord, we pray for rain.
We take authority over this drought and call for moisture to come to this area.
We are believing for three inches of rain over this whole area.
Rain, come now in Jesus' name.
Cooler temperatures, come from the North.
No more 100-degree days.
This is October; it is time for fall.
We take authority over the weather and give you praise.
Now, that was the English part.
Speaking in other tongues is for today, and I'm going to pray in that heavenly language.
You yielding to the Spirit of God, you will pray mysteries.
I believe a lot of times this is when the Lord starts showing me things, revealing the plans and plots of the wicked.
We want to see like watchmen on the wall.
If there's anything you want us to uncover, Father, show us.
We're never going to be caught off guard.
Lord, we worship you.
You are more beautiful than diamonds and more precious than silver.
I trust you, Lord.
Meeting my needs today—I'm not going to worry.
Oh, what a faithful God; you'll never let me down.
Every need is met physically, spiritually, mentally, and financially.
We thank you for all you're doing.
I'm not moved by what I see or feel; I'm moved by what the word of God says.
I thank you for the great covering over this nation.
There will be one more push, a great move like we've never seen before on this planet.
We want the Holy Spirit on all flesh.
North Korea, we thank you for bringing fire over North Korea and removing evil dictators.
Your gospel will be preached throughout all the world, and then the end will come.
We thank you for hearts, Lord, and for deliverance.
I've seen you bring in body parts.
People will see the glory on our faces and ask, 'What is this?
' You will walk in the glory and demonstrations of my presence like you've never seen before.
It will come quickly as you yield to me.
Do not become accustomed to the manifestations in the days ahead.
This will be a quick work, but it will require you to come up higher in your fellowship with me.
This is a place of rest at my feet.
No more worry, no more dread; it's time for you to come up higher.
Don't be moved by what you see coming quickly.
Cast your care upon me.
It is time for you to learn to command the host—my angelic host.
I have prepared a table before you in the presence of your enemies.
Come up higher.
It will change within a 24-hour period; everything will change.
There will be things that cause fear in men's hearts, but you are not to fear.
It's time for the word; open the word.
There are levels of glory—ankle-deep, then to your knee, then to your hips.
As you sit with me, there will be less fretting.
I hear him say it will come out.
America's at a crossroads, waiting on the heart to see the decisions that will be made.
I'm drawing a line in the sand.
It's a 'make or break' time, but he's given us free will.
Will you choose me this day?
It's the balance of the scales.
Weighing in the spirit, you will see acceleration.
We call in the people to vote; wake them up, oh God.
There will still be a cleaning and a removing.
Sit and wait; don't be in a hurry today.
Refresh yourself.
If you are believing for something, reach out by faith and grab a hold of it.
I'm taking back double; I'm taking back sevenfold what the devil stole.
Satan, let go of my money!
I call in a harvest from the north, south, east, and west.
Lord, we believe for a supernatural turnaround in every area of their lives.
I hope this video blessed you.
If you could, please like the video and subscribe if you haven't; it helps with the algorithm so people who need it can get a touch from the Holy Spirit.
I love just sitting in his presence.
We'll pray again tomorrow for whatever is on the Lord's heart.
Put a smile on your face and let Jesus shine through you today.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.